hello my name is Steven and today I'm
going to talk about City of God the film
begins in medias res with an armed gang
chasing after an escaped chicken in a
favela called the Cidade de Deus City of
God the chicken stops between the gang
and the narrator a young man nicknamed
rocket buscapé the film flashes back to
the 1960s where the favela is shown as a
newly built housing project with little
resources three impoverished amateur
thieves known as the tender trio shaggy
Caballero Clipper allocate and Rockets
older brother goose America robbed
business owners and share the money with
the community who in turn hired them
from the police lil dice dad in yur a
young boy convinces them to hold up a
motel and rob its occupants the gang
resolves not to kill anyone and tells
lil dice to serve as a lookout
instead lil dice guns down the motel
occupants after falsely warning the trio
that the police are coming the massacre
is brought to the police's attention
forcing the trio to split up clipper
joins the church shaggy is shot by the
police while trying to escape the favela
and goose is shot by lil dice after
taking his money while lil dices friend
bené bené Shaggy's brother watches in
the 1970s the favela has been
transformed into an urban jungle rocket
has joined a group of young hippies he
enjoys photography and likes one girl
Angelica but his attempt to get close to
her is ruined by a gang of petty
criminal kids known as the runts lil
dice who now calls himself lilz a z-pack
winner has established a drug empire
with Benny by eliminating all of the
competition except for Kara who is a
good friend of Benny's Lee Jose takes
over the apartment a known drug
distribution center and forces carrots
manager Blackie Virginia to work for him
instead coincidentally rocket visits the
apartment to get some drugs off Blacky
during the apartment rate through
narration rocket momentarily considers
attempting to kill lilz a to avenge his
brother but decides against it he is let
go after Benny tells lil Zack that
rocket is gooses brother some time later
a relative peace comes over the City of
God under the reign of lil J who manages
to avoid police attend
Benny decides to branch out of the drug
dealer crowd and befriends Thiago
Angelica's ex-boyfriend who introduces
him to his and Rockets friend group
Benny and Angelica begin dating together
they decide to leave the city in the
drug trade during Benny's farewell party
they and Benny get into an argument
Blackie accidentally kills Benny while
trying to shoot Leo's a Benny's death
leaves Lil's a unchecked carrot kills
Blackie for endangering his life
Leo's a and a group of his soldiers
start to make their way to carrots
hideout with the intention of killing
him on the way Jay follows a girl who
dismissed his advances at Benny's party
he beats up her boyfriend a peaceful man
named knockout Ned mangling yah and
rapes her after meds brother stabs Lil's
a his gang retaliates by shooting into
his house killing his brother and uncle
in the process a gang war breaks out
between Karen and Leo's a a vengeful Ned
sides with carrot the war is still
ongoing that year later in 1981 the
origin forgotten both sides enlist more
soldiers and Lil's a gives the runts
weapons one day Leo's a has rocket take
photos of him and his gang a reporter
publishes the photos a major scoop since
nobody is able to safely enter the City
of God anymore
rocket believes his life is endangered
as he thinks lilz a will kill him for
publishing the photo of him and his gang
the reporter takes rocket in for the
night and he loses his virginity to her
unbeknownst to him Leo's a jealous of
Ned's media fame is pleased with the
photos and with his own increased
notoriety rocket returns to the city for
more photographs bringing the film back
to its opening scene confronted by the
gang rocket is surprised that they asks
him to take pictures but as he prepares
to take the photo the police arrive and
then drive off when carrot gang arrives
in the ensuing gunfire Ned is killed by
a boy who has infiltrated his gang to
avenge his father a policeman whom Ned
has shot the police capture lil Zayin
carrot and planned to show carrot off to
the media since Lil's a has been bribing
the police they take all of lil days
money and let him go but Rockets
secretly photographs the scene
the runts murders a to avenge the runt
murdered at the behest of say they
intend to run his criminal enterprise
themselves rocket contemplates whether
to publish the photo of the cops
exposing corruption and becoming famous
or the photo of lilz A's dead body which
will get him an internship at the
newspaper he decides on the latter and
the film ends with the runts walking
around the City of God making a hit list
of the dealers they plan to kill to take
over the drug business including the red
brigade thank you all for watching don't
forget to subscribe and hit the bell
notification for more of these videos
[Music]